2017.4:
 * Version 15.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 15.1 (Rev. 4)
 * General: Added note to GUI suggesting usage of 10G/25G Ethernet Subsystem for Ultrascale and Ultrascale+ designs

2017.2:
 * Version 15.1 (Rev. 3)
 * General: Updated to support production silicon for these Spartan-7 parts - 7s50csga324 and 7s50fgga484

2017.1:
 * Version 15.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2016.4:
 * Version 15.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2016.3:
 * Version 15.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fix corner case RX issue - If resert is asserted in mid of frame reception then tvalid is not de-asserted
 * Bug Fix: Fix corner case RX issue - If there is a cable pull event as soon as the frame starts then AXI-S tvalid may not be de-asserted
 * Bug Fix: Fix RX statistics issue - Statistics vector bit 29 is wrongly asserted for padded VLAN and normal frames
 * Bug Fix: Fix Example Design RX FIFO 64-bit - Read does not stop immediately when fifo_tready is deasserted soon after the last word has been read-out from FIFO
 * Other: Spartan-7 Pre-Production support
 * Other: Updated license information

2016.2:
 * Version 15.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 15.1
 * Fixed corner case RX issue - Frames with bad CRC were not dropped when the frame's composition matched a certain pattern
 * Fixed RX Issue - Frames, which had L/T field indicating length, were not dropped if the L/T field did not match the actual packet length
 * Fixed RX Stats Issue - RX Statistics bit 29 is not asserted for frames which had L/T field indicating length when the L/T field was incorrect
 * Added new feature - Link Interruption detection
 * Fixed corner case TX issue - Error codes were not transmitted when implicit error and frame oversize error events occur at the same time
 * Fixed bugs in 64-bit Example design FIFO which caused frames to be dropped
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library

2015.4.2:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Removing support for ultrascale plus devices for this product line

2015.3:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Fixed Link Fault not asserted after 4 consecutive fault code groups.
 * Fixed bug in TX Legacy PAUSE logic in which the pause frame is not transmitted if there have been no previous Data frames
 * Changed configuration logic to force DIC enable low if IFG Extend is enabled
 * Fixed RX statistics vector for very short frames with stacked VLAN header fields
 * Fixed bug in RX Statistics counters - In some cases, read operation to the Received bytes counter (0x200) does not return the correct value but subsequent read returns correct value
 * UltraScale Plus device support is limited to simulation only. Timing violations may bee seen when implementing the IP on UltraScale Plus devices
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 15.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed incorrect mapping of PFC refresh values when configuration vector is used
 * Fixed incorrect use of s_axi_rvalid in unmapped AXI-Lite address space (0x320-0x3FC)
 * Fixed Enhanced VLAN RX where Length field position can affect truncation
 * Fixed Stacked VLAN RX issue where frames with more than 4 VLAN headers can be incorrectly received
 * Fixed corner case TX issue - frame just oversize and no tlast signalled on AXI4 Stream
 * Fixed corner case TX issue - short frame (16-20 bytes) can corrupt custom preamble for following frame
 * Fixed TX issue - short frame (16-20 bytes) with no deassertion of tx_axis_tvalid can affect previous frames terminate
 * Limit user programmable IFG value to a maximum of 0xFC (1008 bytes)
 * Changed AXI4-Lite address decode logic for Statistics registers to avoid a race condition in IES behavioral simulations
 * Improved accuracy of the TX bytes valid statistics vector bits
 * Update 64 bit example design FIFO to correctly respond to TREADY after TLAST

2015.1:
 * Version 15.0
 * Product name changed from Ten-Gigabit Ethernet MAC to 10G Ethernet MAC for Ethernet naming consistency across the Vivado IP catalog
 * Updated AXI4-Lite logic to correctly handle pipelined/concurrent accesses
 * Significant round-trip (transmitter and receiver) latency reductions for 64-bit datapath permutations
 * Added support for stacked VLAN frames (QinQ) as defined in 802.1ad
 * Updated RX Length Type Error statistics counter to only increment if frame doesn't have an FCS error
 * Updated 32-bit logic to ensure a type/length of 0x600 is classed as a type
 * Fixed a corner case issue in the 32-bit logic where the first frame transmitted after resuming from pause could be corrupted
 * Fixed example design FIFO to always recover cleanly after overflow conditions
 * Example design FIFO now instantiates dedicated clock domain crossing synchronization modules to be consistent with the rest of the example design
 * Example design transmitter FIFO enhanced to achieve full line rate performance under all operating conditions

2014.4.1:
 * Version 14.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated MDIO logic to ensure back to back transactions start correctly
 * Updated RX MMCM phase shift to improve RX XGMII timing for Kintex Ultrascale
 * Added constraints for XGMII to prevent incorrect edge being timed against each other

2014.4:
 * Version 14.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated 32-bit example design transmit FIFO to fix overflow issue
 * Updated pattern generator logic to add CDC synchronizer on enable inputs
 * Added support for automotive parts
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 14.0
 * Added new 32-Bit datapath option for the core to provide lower utilization and latency
 * MDIO Ready is now returned in both the MDIO read data register and the MDIO control register
 * Updated Statistics to correctly return an AXI slave transaction error (SLVERR) when a write access is attempted
 * Updated Statistics counters to prevent TX frames smaller than 64 bytes being counted in the 64 byte frame counter
 * Added a reset synchronizer to the AXI4-Lite reset (s_axi_aresetn) to synchronize it onto the AXI4-Lite clock (s_axi_aclk); this now allows the reset to be driven asynchronously to s_axi_aclk, matching the Product Guide description.
 * Fix for corner case where an oversized VLAN frame of size 1524 bytes would be incorrectly transmitted without XGMII error codes when the TX configuration is as follows: Jumbo frames and MTU disabled; VLAN enabled; In-band FCS enabled.
 * Updated example design Transmit FIFO to ensure that the FIFO will not hang when frame sizes larger than the FIFO memory size are sent for transmission.
 * Updated example design to add a new pattern generator and checker
 * Updated example design to add a new configuration vector/AXI4-Lite control state machine
 * Updated demonstration testbench to add BIST mode support
 * Input port default tie-off values for IP Integrator have been corrected (to be logic 1) for tx_axis_aresetn, rx_axis_aresetn, tx_dcm_locked and rx_dcm_locked
 * For VHDL projects, the top level VHDL file for the core is now compiled into the default library (named xil_defaultlib unless overridden by the user).  All other core VHDL source remains in the core specific library (ten_gig_eth_mac_v15_1 for this core version).  This makes the core consistent with other Xilinx IP.
 * Added support for Zync-7000 and 7-Series Defense-grade parts

2014.2:
 * Version 13.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Fix for corner case usage of Priority Flow Control on transmit when Oneshot and XON/XOFF are mixed on the same priority.

2014.1:
 * Version 13.1
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support.
 * Added an option for support of Priority Based Flow Control.
 * Reduced the transmitter data path latency by 57.6 ns.  This is achieved via a new CRC engine architecture.
 * Updated Statistics to correctly differentiate between small and fragment frames (AR 59308).
 * Updated TX Statistics vector to correctly indicate frame size for oversize frames.
 * Fix for corner case incorrect rx statistics vector bit 27 when runt frame received.
 * Fix for corner case illegal Control characters before the Start code of a transmitted frame
 * Fix for corner case illegal IFG before the Start code of a transmitted frame.
 * Fix for corner case TX frame error due to previous frame being close to the maximum frame size.
 * Ensured Custom Preamble enable is correctly reset.
 * Added missing XDC constraints on the MDIO signal inputs to ease timing closure (AR 59891).
 * Netlists created by write_verilog and write_vhdl are IEEE P1735 encrypted, with keys for supported simulators so that netlist simulation can still be done
 * Enable third party synthesis tools to read encrypted netlists (but not source HDL)
 * Enhanced the example design demonstration testbench with a CRC engine. Frames of any size or content can now be generated to stimulate the core.
 * Removed an unused HDL source file from the core (synchronizer_e.vhd).
 * Added serialization logic on the tx_statistics_vector and rx_statistics_vector outputs in the example design to reduce the pinout.
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 13.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Tidied up XDC syntax to use more specific endpoints for some constraints.
 * Unencrypted core source files are now delivered into the correct library.
 * Out-of-context XDC file now delivered into synth subdirectory.
 * Version register now returns the correct value.
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support

2013.3:
 * Version 13.0
 * Supported Artix-7 parts moved to production.
 * XDC now delivered with simulation-only license.
 * Replaced MMCM_BASE primitives with 7-series native MMCM2_BASE primitives.
 * Added a default case to next state decoding in AXI-Lite slave attachment block.
 * Use inferred rather than instanced block RAM in the FIFO in the example design.
 * Change parameters to upper case in example design FIFO files.
 * Remove BUFG from feedback path in transmit MMCM
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core. Please refer to the Product Guide for information and port changes.
 * Added missing -datapath_only switch to some clock-crossing paths inside the core.
 * Added missing begin/end to Verilog example design address swap block
 * Removed the C_BASE_ADDRESS RTL parameter and shrunk AXI4-Lite address bus from 32 bits to 11 bits; address decoding for upper bits is done in AXI-Interconnect core now.
 * Updated synchronizers for clock domain crossing to reduce Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) from metastability.
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators.
 * Added support for IP Integrator.

2013.2:
 * Version 12.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Virtex-7, Kintex-7 and Zynq-7000 parts moved to production.
 * VHDL example design - correct wiring of tx_dcm_locked input to physical interface block in example design.
 * Transmitter now only transmits legal control characters when erroring a frame.
 * Constraints processing order changed.

2013.1:
 * Version 12.0
 * Add support for Zynq xc7z030, xc7z045 and xc7z100 parts.
 * Changed core hierarchy so that what was previously the "block" level is now the core top level.
 * Add an XDC file scoped to the core level.
 * Receive Out Of bounds frames were not being counted in statistics if followed immediately by another frame.
 * Core XDC constraints file now uses set_max_delay for some internal paths instead of set_false_path.
 * Added IP-XACT bus definitions for AXI4-Stream, AXI4-Lite, MDIO and XGMII interfaces.
 * Removed unnecessary 'VCC', 'GND' signals from the example design files
 * tx_axis_tuser has changed from a single bit to a vector.
 * Fixed behavioural simulation of example design.
 * Fix for receiver marking 12 byte frame as good.
 * Fix for transmitter hang when sending a 63 byte frame with inband FCS passing.
 * Fix for minimum IFG following an errored frame.
 * Remove redundant register on tx_dcm_locked and rx_dcm_locked.
 * Tidy up unused signals.
 * Improve reliability after powerup that occasionally caused first frame transmitted to have the incorrect FCS.
 * Improve synchronization of AXI FIFO pointers across clock domains.
 * Added support for the out-of-context flow.

(c) Copyright 2001 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
